So let's discuss what the diffmerge
tool is and how it can help you as a
programmer. So diffmerge is a program
that will help you to visually compare
and merge files on any operating system.
It can be very helpful with programming
as well some other tools like code
repositories use similar merge
operations, so this will actually help
you in the future when you start working
with code repositories. So what are we
trying to do with the diffmerge tool?
Well when you code along with the videos
in this course, it's easy to make a typo
and get stuck and this is where the
diffmerge tool will ultimately help you.
Now every lesson has the code attached
to it that I typed in the video and you
can download that code in a zip file and
unzip it on your computer and I'm going
to explain and show you later how to go
ahead and do that it is a pretty
straightforward process.
So by downloading and unzipping the code
from the video and comparing it in other
words comparing my version with what
you've typed, you'll be able to easily
find any errors or typos or
inconsistencies using the diff merged
tools it'll tell you what you've typed
incorrectly in other words which will be
the problem in most cases. So in other
words it'll give you a way to figure out
what's wrong with your code. Now with
diffmerge, you can compare a single file
or even the whole folder and visually
see the differences side-by-side, so in
other words, it'll show you your code and
show you my code and you'll be able to
see very easily what the difference is
between the two code bases are. So that's
the differmerge tool. In the next video,
we're going to go ahead and install the
program the differmerge program and
then after that I'm going to take you
through a process and show you how to
use it to get the maximum benefit from
it in this course. See you in the next video.